
This article is part of Gizmodo Deals, produced separately from the editorial team.
      We may earn a commission when you buy through links on the site.
    
New year, new you. Set a new years resolution to take better care of yourself. Are you looking to go to the gym more? Perhaps get better sleep? Well, let me be the one to tell you that the best way to achieve a goal you’ve set for your own self-improvement is to track it. Having data allows you to see your progress in real time and creates smaller goals for yourself that are measurable. Things like hitting a certain number of steps per day become much easier when you have a fitness coach right on your wrist telling your how many steps you’ve taken. Right now, you can save 20% on the Apple Watch SE smartwatch. That brings the price down to just $199—down from $250. That’s a $50 savings.
The Apple Watch SE features a 40mm case with an easy-to-read LTPO OLED Retina screen with up to 1,000 nits of brightness, making it direct sunlight no problem at all.
See at Amazon
Text and call even without your iPhone available thanks to cellular support. I personally am a big fan of receiving texts right at my wrist to see at a glance. Next time you’re in a meeting, and your pocket vibrates, instead of rudely taking out your phone, you can just take a quick peak at your Apple Watch without causing any distractions.
The Apple Watch is there to help you along your training so you can achieve your fitness goals. You can effortlessly track all your activities. The watch will monitor your heart rate, logging it in the Health app, so can help you to make better decisions about your overall all health. You’ll also get alerts when your heart rate is unusually high or low.
Plus, it will keep track of daily fitness goals to ensure you’re always getting your steps in each and every day. You’ll find out just how addictive staying in shape can be when it comes in the form of closing your rings every day.
Track your sleeping habits with the Sleep app. You can get a deeper understanding of your sleep cycle by identifying at what points in the night you are awake, in core sleep, or in REM sleep.
The Apple Watch SE is available in a wide range of colors like midnight, silver, and starlight to best match your own personal style. Get yours today for the limited time low price of just $199.
See at Amazon

          Get the best tech, science, and culture news in your inbox daily.
        

          News from the future, delivered to your present.
        

      Please select your desired newsletters and submit your email to upgrade your inbox.
    

Best of CES 2025 Awards ➜
We may earn a commission when you buy through links on our sites.
©2025 GIZMODO USA LLC. All rights reserved.
Mode

                Follow us
              
Mode

                Follow us
              